<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_w22_cwh_qx">
    <title>How to Make (Relatively) Healthy Strawberry Ice Cream with Machine</title>
    <shortdesc>How to make (relatively) healthy ice cream wtih skim milk and
        strawberries</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>The following steps will help you make healthy ice cream.
            
            <ul>
                <li><b>Goal</b>: Make (relatively) healthy ice cream</li>
                <li><b>Audience</b>: Student or faculty in Shanks</li>
                <li><b>Materials</b>: Machine and included parts, moist cloth, four cups of skim milk, one 14-ounce can of 
                sweetened condensed milk, two tablespoons of vanilla extract, strawberries, spatula</li>
                <li><note type="caution">Do not fill the freezer bowl higher than one-half inch from the top. The ingredients 
                will increase in volume during the freezing process, and this machine yields two quarts or less of whatever is 
                made.</note></li>
                <li><note type="important">The machine will stop if the system overheats. The machine may overheat if the 
                dessert being prepared is extremely thick, if the unit has been running for an excessively long time, or 
                if the added ingredients contain large pieces.</note></li>
            </ul>
        </prereq>
        
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Wipe</b> motor base with moist cloth prior to using</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Move</b> easy-lock lid with ingredient spout over the freezer bowl until it locks into place</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd><b>Attach</b> cap with measurement cup over easy-lock lid</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Select</b> "Ice Cream"</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd><b>Press</b> "Start/Stop." The freezer bowl will start churning.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
           <step>
               <cmd><b>Pour</b> skim milk and can of condensed milk into the freezer bowl using the cap</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Add</b> in vanilla extract and strawberries</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Frozen dessert will take 15 to 40 minutes to complete. When the mixture has thickened
                         to your liking, it is done.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>After 40 minutes, the machine will beep for five seconds every three minutes for a 
                        maximum of 30 minutes to signal that the process is complete.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Open</b> cap and twist off easy-lock lid</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Take out</b> ice cream from bowl using spatula</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
